feat(xo-web): display snapshots older than 30 days (#8487)
vatesfr/xen-orchestra: CHANGELOG.unreleased.md

  - `/rest/v0/vbds/<vbd-id>` (PR [#8404](https://github.com/vatesfr/xen-orchestra/pull/8404))
- [New VM] Configure ACLs directly from VM creation form [#6996](https://github.com/vatesfr/xen-orchestra/issues/6996) (PR [#8412](https://github.com/vatesfr/xen-orchestra/pull/8412))
- [Netbox] Support version 4.2.x (PR [#8417](https://github.com/vatesfr/xen-orchestra/pull/8417))

> - [Dashboard/Health] Display snapshots older than 30 days (PR [#8487](https://github.com/vatesfr/xen-orchestra/pull/8487))

Reviewer: Be more explicit (it doesn't show all snapshots older than 30 days)

> - [Dashboard/Health] Display snapshots older than 30 days for which no schedule was enabled (PR [#8487](https://github.com/vatesfr/xen-orchestra/pull/8487))

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [Dashboard/Health] Display snapshots older than 30 days for which no schedules are enabled (PR [#8487](https://github.com/vatesfr/xen-orchestra/pull/8487))
```
